Where did the little beast become the mother of the old lady?
What do you call a little beggar?
Say hello brother
Brother gave you this bottle of wine
No need, let him drink
He won't live for many years anyway
Ok you little beast
How dare you curse me?
What do you do?
I'm here to inform, huh?
Great Arch Hall enabled you to put the bastard here
What about security?
Put this knife in jail for me
The full moon comes back to catch me
What's going on?
His Yin Tang turns black
They only have three years to live.
I kindly remind you.
You all decide
This little beast, does he speak human language?
I said where did the stinky beggar come from so rude
It was you
Ye Yundan
He and you are really the same crane
Look at the person wearing it, whether it is a ghost or not.
At first glance, it is to cheat food and drink
Although my friend is a little more outspoken
But
You'd better listen to what he says
Go to you and persuade my mother to die
Ye Yan, do you have a conscience when you speak?
Ye Yan thought you won Zhang Shao
You can walk sideways in Yunzhou
I told you that the brothers of the Draco will die sooner or later
As for a glance that can judge life and death
I think this day
Only late at night can you do
Could it be that your night eyes
It's late at night, you can't